# Feedback

This is design feedback provided on May 26, 2022.


## APIs

It's not necessarily a bad thing, but there are some
discrepancies between the names of the properties of the
data sent back and the entities in your data models. For
example, there's a property `description` in the scholarship
API which I would _guess_ is the _details_ property on the
`Scholarship` data model. As long as everyone is aware of
these differences, it doesn't matter.

Property names in JSON return values should be lower case by
convention.

For Forum Post, you usually read the identity of the person
from either the "session" (like in Django with
`request.user`) or through a token (like in RESTful APIs
with JWTs). Then, you don't end up sending the value of the
creator in the body of the data to the endpoint.

For the forum post upvote, I would change it to have a path
of `/api/posts/{post_id}/upvote` where `POST` increments the
upvote value and `DELETE` decrements the upvote value. You
probably don't need a `GET` for the **Forum Post Upvote**
endpoint.

The same suggestion as the last for the **Comment Post
Upvote**, but with `/api/comments/{comment_id}` as the path.

## Data model

Some thoughts about what you have.

* If you want to do any personalization based on the
  location of the person's account, then `location` will
  likely need to be a separate entity that you would then
  have refer to the `User` entity.
* In the form models, I see that the `uservo` is a `string`
  when it likely needs to be a `reference to`, then change
  the names of the properties to a name that describes what
  the `uservo` reference is, like `creator` or `commenter`
* The same for `uppost` being a `reference to` rather than
  just an `int`
* Is the `userVO` in the events and conferences entity the
  person that posted the event? if so, I would change the
  name of the properties to `poster` or `creator` and make
  the type a `reference to`
* Similar issue with scholarship as described in the last
  comment
* The `Mentorship` entity doesn't have a reference to who
  the mentee is. Is that something that you'd want to track?
* Employment `duration` should have a unit of measure with
  it, maybe? Like "years" or "months". Or, you can change
  the name to `employment_duration_months` to specify what
  the integer value really is
* The `ratings` is only a single value, so maybe just name
  it `rating`?

## GHI

* Do you want different types of upvotes? I see heart,
  applause, and like in the GHI.
* I see the "3 new reviews" on the personalized feed page,
  but don't see that being returned from any of the API
  endpoints in your documentation.

## Integrations

No feedback, here.
