## May 27, 2021
 Today we worked on together on the feedbacks: 
 While I was doing the changes on my branch we did meeting and I shared my screen. We discuss about unmatched fields and put thing in the order. Decided to create id for voting and attach it with the user. 
 We spend our meeting mostly on the architecture and road mapping. We started on docker file but couldn't be succesfull on it yet. 